there are less Medics to treat sick and
injured Palestinians at the severely
short staffed NASA Hospital in KH
unun this nurse has been shot in the
chest while on
duty his colleagues say he was
deliberately targeted by Israeli
forces this doctor being treated on an
operating table was also shot at work
while Dr nus was on Duty in the
operation room at al- Nasa medical
complex he was deliberately shot by a
sniper from the occupation forces he
sustained a gunshot wound to the chest
and is currently in critical condition
the danger now extends to medical
personnel while they are performing
their duties it's no longer just
displaced individuals and patients being
targeted doctors at Nasa Hospital are
demanding foreign intervention to ensure
safety of medical
workers
US President Joe Biden described
Israel's war on Gaza as overthe toop and
says it's trying to stop the
fighting because I think if we can get
the delay for
that an initial delay I think that uh we
would be able to uh extend that uh so
that we could increase the prospect that
this fighting in Gaza
changes meanwhile Israel has intensified
strikes in Rafa where Palestinians were
told to relocate for their safety eight
people including children have been
killed in the bombing on
Thursday Israel's blockade on food Fuel
and Medicine entering Gaza has made it
difficult for the strips understocked
hospitals to operate effectively and
Israeli sniper fire on Palestinian
medical workers is putting the treatment
of their patients in Jeopardy Barbara
Anga Al desera
make sure to subscribe to our channnel
to get the latest news from Al
jaaz